Release Notes -- Apache JempBox -- Version 0.8.0-incubating

Introduction
------------

Apache JempBox is an open source Java library for working with XMP metadata.

This 0.8.0-incubating release is the first JempBox release made at the
Apache Software Foundation. The most notable change since the previous
release (0.2.0) is the renaming of all Java packages from org.jempbox to
org.apache.jempbox. If you've used JempBox before, you need to update all
your client code to use the renamed JempBox packages.

The version number of JempBox was upgraded from 0.2.0 to 0.8.0 to better
match the version numbering of Apache PDFBox. The -incubating label included
in the version number reflects the incubation status of the project. See
the disclaimer below for more about incubation.

See the Apache PDFBox website at http://incubator.apache.org/pdfbox/ for
more information.

Release Contents
----------------

This release consists of a source archive (jempbox-0.8.0-incubating-src.jar).
You can build the release with Apache Ant like this:

    jar xf jempbox-0.8.0-incubating-src.jar
    cd jempbox-0.8.0
    ant

The source archive is accompanied by SHA1 and MD5 checksums and a PGP
signature that you can use to verify the authenticity of your download.
The public key used for the PGP signature can be found at
https://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/incubator/pdfbox/KEYS.

Disclaimer
----------

Apache PDFBox is an effort undergoing incubation at The Apache Software
Foundation (ASF), sponsored by the Apache Incubator PMC. Incubation is
required of all newly accepted projects until a further review indicates
that the infrastructure, communications, and decision making process have
stabilized in a manner consistent with other successful ASF projects. While
incubation status is not necessarily a reflection of the completeness or
stability of the code, it does indicate that the project has yet to be fully
endorsed by the ASF.

See http://incubator.apache.org/projects/pdfbox.html for the current
incubation status of the Apache PDFBox project.
